simplify Zed enums (#2820)
brimdata/zed: docs/formats/zng.md

#### 2.1.1.5 Enum Typedef

An enum type is encoded as a `uvarint` representing the number of symbols
in the enumeration followed by the names of each symbol.
```
--------------------------------
|0xfa|<nelem>|<name1><name2>...|
--------------------------------
```
`<nelem>` is encoded as `uvarint`.
The names have the same UTF-8 format as record field names and are encoded

> as counted strings following the same convention as record fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as counted strings following the same convention as record field names.
```
